Deprecate beta CNB support (#1445)
heroku/heroku-buildpack-ruby: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Deprecate CNB support, CNB users should use [heroku/buildpacks-ruby](https://github.com/heroku/buildpacks-ruby) instead (https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-ruby/pull/1445)

Reviewer: Optional: this sounds a little like we're 👎🏻 about CNB support. 

```suggestion
- Deprecate CNB support in this buildpack; CNB support for Ruby is provided by [heroku/buildpacks-ruby](https://github.com/heroku/buildpacks-ruby) instead (https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-ruby/pull/1445)
```
